foreign take me to that happy hour I never had
show me the girl I never met I want it so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is that [__] called Destiny I think she
ran off without me thank you
hey thanks for coming back to Lady Babylon we have our Wednesday night bible study and tonight's topic will be
a little bit dark and spooky we're going to look at some coded language within
myth that is used in cult Cults with vampires
[Music]
foreign in order to warm up tonight I thought I
would introduce a new segment it's called testimonials and I am so
humbled at the responses that people have had to the material that I thought
it would be important for you to hear their voices or to hear your voices I'm
going to ask these people all the same questions and if I didn't get you in tonight don't worry it's because the
question wasn't yours but the question that we have tonight is how has reason
freed you from a cold [Music]
but reason got me out of the of the web
of the churchianity that had been strung around it so I reasoned out of that
um I just saw saw the flaws in it and understood that
um ah [Music] worship of the Bible which is what
Christianity is it's the false god all right because they they want every
word to be true they want somehow gold is exonerated because the
Bible is true and when you realize all the holes in that that is reasonable and that got rid of got rid of that side
so I was left on my own to discover this and so my family encouraged me they're like well we ain't going to tell you
what to do but try to go to a church and so I went to some several churches
and I had a bad experience at a Catholic Church I remember where they wanted to baptize me it took me in a bathroom a
back room and I ran out I remember being like 12 years old
and it was some years later that you know once the family situation got
cleaned up and all the bad kids the older siblings were in jail and have you my father converted to Jehovah Witness
and they would come over to the house and you know I had long hair then because I was rock and roll and they
used to tell me you got to cut your hair you got to shave your head you got to cut your hair and I showed them the the
magazine the Watchtower track Society you know they would have these little magazines they'd bring the Jehovah
Witness and I said well Jesus had long hair and I showed him the picture and I go why can't I be like that and they said
well that was different and that's what set me off on my study of what is Christianity who is Jesus in
in where do these books come from so yeah basically what happened with me is um as a young person in high school I
got involved with uh Evangelical Christianity through youth groups and through friends and I became very
heavily involved into that uh religion and way of thinking and it became quite
abusive and even after I left because of um abuse that was happening I was still
in that kind of mindset for a long time and it wasn't until I got into Academia and I went to the roots of these texts
like in the Bible and I realized what these people were telling me was wrong and that they were lying and I started
to embrace this reason approach and I started to think about and face reality as it is and I realized that for me uh
the reason why I fell into this trap of abusive religion is because I was looking for some kind of magical answer
you know I was denying the reality that was staring me in the face so I I think
it's a huge important thing that we we Embrace reason and we think about and approach the world from from that
perspective like we're looking at things as they really truly are because if you don't you open yourself up to be lied to
and exploited you know thank you so much everybody who
participated in that round of questions we'll have more to come in the future
tonight I want to start by turning to
the friend poet Warrior
who created the hymns that were used
and at a period of time in history when Vlad the Impaler was doing his thing
this is Mike morulis Mike morulis I want to bring in tonight he's the first ghost that we bring Mike
can you tell me from your Century can you tell me Mike where
is she Where is the Minerva I wanted to go with a little bit of the
Etruscan tonight because we're going to be looking at some coded language and I
want you to be able to absorb that from the Etruscan so let's go to Dracula's
poet Warrior let's go to Dracula's poet Warrior this is Mike morulis his hymn to
the Palace his hymn to the Palace if we can bring that up that first reading please
thank you oh it's gorgeous suprema maximiproles
in woko let me take my position here
uh uh inupta Palace in Wok or hasta potenti Nobles
and with those words the orphic way is begun with
purification she stands there this Minerva she stands
there with her many languages in civilizations just
bringing out this tone that causes all of us to be purified it prevents
it prevents the arrival of what they call the profane the profane fantastic I want you to go
to the next page of this then um this is the end near the end of the
in of the invocation this is I just wanted you to read this
is around line 64. I want you to just look at line 64 and see the Latin word faneta
faneta that should sound familiar to those of you who have ears to hear wait
a minute he's calling Minerva fanata no he's not just calling Minerva fanata or
fanes he is invoking the lightbringer
yes he is fantastic fantastic um where to go weirago excuse me
she is the we're ago she is that masculine
feminine form in its Perfection with complete sapientia
with that wisdom that's her this is the person that we if
we are with Vlad that we are approaching to bring a cleansing to bring us to the
place that we can establish our templum and its practice yes and
um if did anybody smell the Etruscan connections and by the way there's Etruscan bits and pieces all over being
spread with the mirrors looking through the mirrors into both the Asia Minor
influence the influence within modern day what you call Ukraine
Thrace down into just following the coast right and down into this all
starts with those people in the on those horses it's all those people on
those horses yeah yeah wonderful wonderful stuff and it ends up it ends
up in Romania yes it ends up in Romania after years just blossoming blossoming under Vlad
well done well done Vlad and I might remind you for those of you who can't
taste the difference this is wonderfully classical Latin wonderfully the Latin
surrounding that came before this is terrible it's terrible it's oh God
medieval Latin sorry medieval is out there but I'm a class assistant you're Latin is terrible yes
um you you might be good at it don't get me wrong you might be good at that terrible Latin
um okay I'd like to go to the next hymn we're going to continue on and bring Dawn
right this is eos de Don and I just want you to see that in the first two lines
cluthie Thea remember the images that we're putting into your mind are the
images of the thesmaphoria right you're here if you're a man you're dressed like a woman so you don't get
kicked out if you're a woman you're here because your rights are the oldest oh
and that makes it makes me want to make the goddess dance like every mysterog
does [Music]
thank you and that brings us back to the hymn to
Dawn and here she is in these first two lines I just want to read them for you cluthie they ask Nate toys
oh isn't that isn't that beautiful um yes what is it about
Dawn that we must enter into her Worship
in order to perform this mystery it's because she is bringing the mystery itself she is that one that brings that
light she is the one um let's go to who follows her who
follows light well since we're in the thes before you next text please we're going to be looking at Themis because
the thes before is all about Themis you thought this was Bible studies it is Bible studies because you're here to
watch you're here to witness an actual mystery if you don't understand what a
mystery is how can you possibly ever read the Bible think about it
yeah how can you ever read the Bible how can you pretend to read the Bible I've had seminarians tell me I was right you
can't you can't you have to you have to jump into the crime scene you have to look
around you have to take things there are Clues here I'm going to give you the clues now let's look at the clues and
follow it let's go to thimis why are we at the thesma for it to honor Themis
famous and if you'll notice
faced
Cora is who we're talking about with Phyllis who is Themis famous is what we bring
women in the rights of the thesmaphoria yeah remember we've beaten all the men
away with sticks right can't come right why I don't know maybe it's
because only you can do it this is Lady Babylon after all right so we're all here and we're looking at these uh we're
looking at these bringing her thimis into a reality and I
just want you to notice in that second line that calicopa that that face what is her face what is her
Ops it is the face of the bud the calyx protecting that bud right the new fresh
thymus the Corey right here it's Kure
um uh do the dialect right yeah and why is this so important bring up the text
one more time I just want you guys to see this you have to see this look at that third line hey protein
isn't that nice isn't that nice she is the first to show
to Mortals what the Mantic holy
right yes next next page of her and what else
is she going to bring us she's going to bring us the actual Mysteries right she is
she is that one who rules by the power of Nyx she brings that she is the one
look at the third line from the bottom except
foreign yeah notice the word musteria there you
see that word musteria she is the one who brings the honors
she's the one who brings the holy mystery you can't have it without this
Korah you cannot have the mystery the mystery operates around her
yeah yeah makes you wonder why
Mary didn't jump in before it was too late
let's go to Hephaestus because I want to show you
the key to opening up the head um of the
of the god of Jehovah opening up the head of Jehovah to bring her out how do
we do that we do that through Hephaestus and who is Hephaestus just look at the bottom line here phosphorae you know who else they call
phosphorae the devil all right he is the bringer of that Foss
yeah Lucifer or lucifera
the male female Minerva is the devil
wonderful take us to the take us to the um
to melinoy please foreign
[Music]
look at the very bottom line who is she on the top first of all for those of you
who want to know melinoy Malinois is the cathonian numfer
what is that numfae it is that stage immediately preceding marriage
she's not just any known she's the Sonia
right she is that sonian nymph and
um where was she born and who was she born to Persephone excuse me
you're not supposed to say that you're supposed to say Cora or courtois if you're coming from my
city inside you're never supposed to pronounce her name yes interesting
um look at the last line in that very same hymn right there look at this um this has caused I usually don't bring
up translators personal translator because they try they try to do their job but this time I'm going to bring up
the most excellent translator of the orphic hymns who is athanasakius and he
does a fantastic job typically except here in this last line is
oh the translation here he translated the somaton's Dual bodied or double
fleshed which would be great if it was dies plus omatone but we know the root Soma is in
there so the prefix really here is D not D's d
means twice but d as lactances tells us
is the beginning of the word
who is this she is the one who brings the bullet the
council the rule of the sea or as we're told d
through an Etruscan Loop we get to the Sea wait a minute are we in Northern Italy
yes are we in modern day Turkey yes
are we in Ukraine yes yeah
wow wow um
remember I warned you about getting taken out back a lot of a lot of the stuff that they have in academics is
meant to kind of you know come here come here little person and um one of those big things that's
used is a lure big candy for the kitties is the Indo-European and the
Indo-European the proto-indo-european that do not exist
tend to obscure our understanding of the Linguistics of antiquity what do we know
from the Greeks that they're this group there's this group this ethnic group The pulaskians and there's some of the old
old generation that comes that are that is is part of these Bronze Age
migrations so um we get their groups scattered in
different places with different people claiming to be the ancestors of that original group of pulaskians and
um you can you can put your connection to the Etruscans right there so um what
is happening in the language what is happening in the language the um bring
us up that last hymn line again dude thank you Chewie yeah um how is this
translated yeah it well it's translated terribly here I'll just read to you I'm
sorry Dr athanasakis but you know you can take it you can take it
um yeah here's his translation whose skin when she was pregnant he mangled in
Anger yeah he's trying to form this but wait he's trying to I'm sorry but he's
trying to form this to his preconceived notion of the myth you know this is done
all the time don't worry about it it's translators have to try to make sense of things but if this is desomatone from
the Etruscan side and it's leaking in here then what which makes sense in the right right it's right for the quora
then um what is um that really is the word for drawing
yes yes for drawing or sucking drawing out
drying out what what's happening someone is drawing out the
God bodied sus uh
sustained flesh the god-sustained flesh
and it's whose flesh it's the chorus flesh and where is this flesh going it's
going sumoy it's going into the into the breath
into the understanding yeah yeah so here we have a reference to some
kind of consumption of something some kind of well here's the fun thing about Classics if we know that we're in the
context of him and we know that this hymn is being sung during performance
during cult performance and we know these Mysteries and we can get just a
little tiny look inside the Mysteries you thought you guys were getting the Mysteries right weren't you for 55
95 that's not how it works or if you go into Harvard Japan you guys are paying
60 000 a year right anyway
um you can't sell it so let's look inside let's look inside just for a moment inside this and this
hymn that we've got that's opening up for us what is the background of what's being performed in the song what's
happening um and when we get there we find that somebody is consuming the flesh
of the god okay everybody cool everybody cool with that all you
Bargains all you mean AD women who got together you have this thing where you
Sin from the mountains and you take out human beings you maraud through Villages
and you tear apart men who shouldn't be messing with you and you consume the
flesh you you um you go into the homophagy yeah those
you guys won't be offended by any of this but let's look at the let's look at the language and we'll give you a chance
to look right into the religion now so what is what happens he's um we're drawing the Flesh of this we're socking
the Flesh of this where else do we see this draw we see this drawing askless go to the last text here
um not that one yep oops here we go without this here is
the translation by Smythe I just want you to see it's uh an engagement in the
libation bearers um to the cooperoi two between orestes
and the chorus and you can see the top he says and where does the tail end and what is its consummation and the chorus
says she laid it to rest as if it were a child in swaddling clothes oh I forget
to tell you this is Clyde of nestro and she dreams she gave birth to a serpent
okay she dreamed she gave birth to a serpent and what does she do she put it
in swaddling clothes yeah um what uh what food did it crave the
newborn Viper and of course is in her dreams she offered it her own breast and
the rest he says surely her nipple was not wounded by the lust and Beast and
the chorus says the line relevant to us in our hymn no it drew the clotted blood
with the milk it drew the clotted blood with the milk
and this is the last line at the bottom yeah and it says
fasai she's drawing up she's sucking that excuse me that serpent is sucking up
this clotted blood
congealed with in the milk
that's fine you can take it off in the milk yes
um drying up this clotted blood in the milk in this act yeah
um gorgeous what is happening we know the Galena is drawn from the breast so there we have a uh there we have a
reference a balancing of our doubt and our antidote I'm right into him it's nice that it's
right there snug and in the context of the drugs great now how do we take this
and apply it one step more outwards so that what's the utility of this so that we can see our own reality look here at
the top it says Adam said this is now bone of my bones and sarks of my sarks
flashing My Flesh right she will be called gunay
she will be called gunay because from the man
she was taken yeah yeah
from the man she was taken from elephant is the Greek here and people will say
wait a minute wait a minute I thought the the Old Testament was written in Hebrew right you've been paying those
guys in Harvard too much um you you saw it was written in Hebrew
right okay well let's see if it was because in the Greek the idiom doesn't
work she'll be called gunay because she was taken from the man but
the man's name doesn't have anything to do with gunay so why is it saying she'll
be um she'd be called this because she was taken from man
how linguistically doesn't work out right okay must not be written in Greek
must a Greek must be a translation that's what we've all thought for so long the problem is the Hebrew is ishin
Isha the ah on the Isha it's just a feminization it has nothing to do with
the verb for pulling out of or coming from so once again it doesn't make sense
the only language that makes sense is the Latin that uses the
etruscu old words we find old words in Latin that from a trust from etruscum like
parkolum that special cup that you drain the drink the ceremonial potion is
that's a Pokemon yeah and um here we have one as well we
have a word that's coming through the Etruscan tradition here
yeah and that is weirago and it means
from lead from man where is man and ago
the ah Groot in Latin is the the word for leading or driving
so what's funny is this statement Shall be Called woman because she was taken
from man makes perfect sense if the word weirago is used but it makes no sense
either way in Native Greek or in Hebrew now there's
no way this Etruscan tradition is coming through the Hebrew the words are
different but the words overlap The Roots overlap in Greek
so what is likely to be happening your Septuagint your Greek Old Testament is
the original and it is conveying as Greek does aptly
Etruscan ideas okay that's as close as we can get to
that original source now you were told that this doesn't this isn't how the world is put together and you will have
somebody come to you a submitic study scholar and they will throw the 10th Century at you
yes and you can tell them you can tell them that you're looking for that
original that original is the secret of the vampires yes it's the secret of those who sunk
the Hyma yeah it's the secret that is both Medical
and individual and personal their secret is a woman
yeah and that makes me want to make statues dance
[Music]
thank you for coming tonight now that we know the secret
of the vampires is a woman
um let's um next time we meet we're going to traipse through in the Bible study we're going to traips through the Renaissance
and we're going to follow those who also followed her
isn't this nice I want you to see the saturnian rights
through time I want you to see the dragons who protected those rights
I want you to see the order that was established
and what exactly the vampires
moved into what they became and what they did and how your history is not a
history of of bran writing about a guy
in a box there are real real
um roots of Dracula out there and these are um preserved for us thanks to the
thanks to the People Like Mike you know who was able to write down
perfect possessed orphic Latin hymn was able to write down
um exactly for you um the description of her
yes beautiful beautiful um have a good night thank you for coming tonight and for all of you who
are asking me questions I'm getting to my emails I'm getting to them as quickly
as I possibly can but I uh I just want you to know again how nice
it is to be conversing with people who are stepping up and who are saying oh
well you know what let's go investigate this let's go look at this and using
their reasons so thank you thank you and thank you for your time tonight everyone show me the girl I
[Applause] [Music]
like where is that Golden Palace where is that horse called Destiny I think she
ran off without me